[Bug] Fix singleton class lookup bug when singleton class is replaced on the instance (#3088)
oracle/truffleruby: CHANGELOG.md

Bug fixes:

* Fix `Dir.glob` returning blank string entry with leading `**/` in glob and `base:` argument (@rwstauner).

> * Fixing singleton class lookup after an object's singleton class has been replaced (@itarato).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix class lookup after an object's class has been replaced by IO#reopen (@itarato).
```
I'll do it
